this is Al shako a neighborhood of Al
maasi in the southwest of the Gaza Strip
it was one of gaza's main bread baskets
an agricultural area once teaming with
green houses they now lie in Ruins after
Israeli forces attacked the
area my 90-year-old father what did they
do to him where is his head scams a
woman slumped next to his
remains bodies and body parts lie
scattered around visible on the tracks
of either Israeli tanks or bulldozers
believed to have driven over the
bodies we ran for our lives many
civilians were killed the Israeli
soldiers are destroying whatever they
can many people were Torn to Pieces we
miraculously
survived in another part of alasi an
area Israel designated a so-called safe
Zone at least 5,000 Palestinians have
had to flee attacks
there all of a sudden the Israeli tanks
invaded the area coupled with helicopter
and drone attacks I saw dead people torn
apart we saw pieces of Flesh all over
the place I carried my children and ran
away for our lives we don't know where
to go just walking with the crowds many
were killed and injured this was
supposed to be a safe Zone but nowhere
is safe at
all in El in the central part of the
strip at least four children were killed
when residential homes were bombed the
bodies of the dead and injured were
brought to an already overwhelmed Al AXA
Hospital a search for water in the
alabra area of Gaza City cost four
people including two children their
lives injuring eight others an Israeli
drone striking near a water distribution
Point destroying a home and a
car there's been 3 days of intense
fighting in Gaza City's Northern
neighborhood of shuya both above and
below
ground un says up to 60,000 Palestinians
have been forced to flee the
bombardment Mike leppel El
jaera make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz out